- You should be familiar with binary trees, n-ary trees, and trie-trees at the very very least
   easy
- Describe tree traversal algorithms: BFS and DFS and describe the difference between inorder, postorder and preorder traversals.
   easy
- Create a binary search tree based on a sorted array.
   bst.cpp
- Write code for depth first search in a binary tree (iterative or recursive) and explain what's the performance.
   very easy
- Given two binary search trees, write function which tells if two such trees are the same – (i.e. same info in the nodes, same branching to left and right at every node). Write a recursive version first and then an iterative version.
   easy
- Given the pre-order and in-order traversing result of a binary tree, write a function to rebuild the tree.
   bst.cpp
Given the pre-order traversing result of a binary search tree, write a function to rebuild the tree.
You're given a binary tree and pointers to two nodes in the tree. Describe the fastest algorithm you can come up with to determine the closest common ancestor.
You have a genealogy: 1) Describe a data structure to represent it. 2) Given any two people within the genealogy, describe an algorithm to determine if they share a common ancestor. You just need to return true/false, not all ancestors.
Traverse an array 4x4 in a snake-like way - across the diagonals, not along the rows/cols of the grid.
Create a graph class and some traversal algorithms (bfs for example and dfs with a depth limit l). The main idea was to create a list of seen vertices and use a hash function in the graph traversal algorithms to avoid loops (asked by the interviewer)
   Find the number of connected components in a Graph.
   Implement Dijkstras algorithm.
   Write code to find the second shortest path between two given nodes in an undirected graph.
   How will you determine if two graphs are the same?
   Refer to the game Boggle, given a 3x3 grid of letters represented as a char array, generate all possible word combinations. The legal character sequences are horizontally or vertically adjacent chars. So in [A, B, C; D, E, F; G, H, I], ABCFI is legal but DFH is illegal.
   Write a function to check if a graph is bipartite.

- You should be familiar with at least one flavor of balanced binary tree, whether it's a red/black tree, a splay tree or an AVL tree. You should actually know how it's implemented.
